# Overview

The MailChimp package allows syncing email activity and campaign stats with your database, manage lists, view and 
control automation workflows, and testing different calls and packages before pushing to production.

Some features are:

- Authentication
- Shortcuts for the REST API
- Helpers to convert date times

In most cases, you will be using the provided shortcuts to access the API. For example, you could use the REST API
directly by doing an HTTP request like this:

```js
var res = pkg.mailchimp.api.get('/lists');
```

## Configuration

First, you will need to set up an account in MailChimp. Then you will be able to configure the package you will
need to generate an API key. You can find more information about that [here](http://kb.mailchimp.com/integrations/api-integrations/about-api-keys).

### API key

This is the API key generated by following the process [here](http://kb.mailchimp.com/integrations/api-integrations/about-api-keys).
Just copy the generated API key to this field.

### Webhook URL

This is the URL you should configure for webhooks in Mailchimp. Notice that you need to configure the webhook URL on 
each MailChimp list. Please refer to the [webhooks documentation](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/sync-audience-data-webhooks/) 
for more information on how to configure them.

# Javascript API

## HTTP requests
You can make `PATCH`,`POST`,`GET`,`DELETE`,`PUT` requests to the [mailchimp API](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/quick-start/) like this:
```javascript
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.patch('/ecommerce/stores/:store_id/orders/:order_id', body)
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.patch('/ecommerce/stores/:store_id/orders/:order_id')
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.post('/lists/:list_id/interest-categories', body)
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.post('/lists/:list_id/interest-categories')
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.get('/conversations')
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.delete('/lists/:list_id/interest-categories/:interest_category_id/interests/:interest_id')
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.put('/lists/:list_id/members/:subscriber_hash', body)
var response = pkg.mailchimp.api.put('/lists/:list_id/members/:subscriber_hash')
```

Please take a look at the documentation of the [HTTP service](https://github.com/slingr-stack/http-service)
for more information about generic requests.

## Dependencies
* HTTP Service

# About Slingr

Slingr is a low-code rapid application development platform that accelerates development, with robust architecture for integrations and executing custom workflows and automation.

[More info about SLINGR](https://slingr.io)

# License

This package is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.
